== Privacy Policy ==

This policy describes what data is collected through the use of '''Religio Wiki''' (religiowiki.com), for what purposes it is used, and what rights you have over it.

=== 1. What data we collect ===

* '''Browsing data:''' IP address, browser type, pages visited, date and time of access, collected automatically for security and usage statistics purposes.
* '''Account data:''' if you create a user account, we collect your username, email address (if provided), and the public edit history associated with the account.
* '''Cookies:''' we use cookies essential to the site's operation (such as session maintenance and display preferences). We do not use cookies for targeted advertising purposes.

=== 2. How we use the data ===

The data collected is used exclusively to:

* Maintain the technical operation and security of the site;
* Prevent vandalism, spam, and abuse;
* Generate aggregated and anonymous usage statistics;
* Enable authentication and preferences for registered users.

We do not sell, rent, or share your personal data with third parties for commercial purposes.

=== 3. Sharing with third parties ===

Data may be shared only when required by law, court order, or to protect the rights, safety, and integrity of Religio Wiki, its contributors, and its users.

=== 4. Data retention ===

Public edits and contributions remain in the wiki's history indefinitely, as part of the authorship record required by the [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/deed.en Creative Commons CC BY-SA 4.0] license under which the content is distributed. Technical access data (such as IP logs) is retained only for as long as necessary for site security.

=== 5. Your rights ===

You may, at any time:

* Request information about the personal data we hold associated with your account;
* Request correction of incorrect registration data;
* Request closure of your account (noting that public contributions remain in the history, per item 4).

=== 6. Changes to this policy ===

This policy may be updated periodically. Significant changes will be communicated via a notice on this page.

=== 7. Contact ===

Questions about this policy can be sent to [mailto:contato@religiowiki.com contato@religiowiki.com].

''Last updated: July 21, 2026''
