== Code of Conduct ==

''"There is no right higher than truth."''

=== Fundamental principle ===

Religio Wiki exists to present each religious tradition faithfully according to its own sources and its orthodox perspective. Every contributor commits, when editing, to serve this principle — the pursuit and faithful exposition of each tradition's truth — above personal preferences, doctrinal disputes, or external agendas.

=== Expected conduct ===

* '''Good faith:''' assume good intentions from other contributors and seek consensus before conflict.
* '''Respect:''' treat all religious traditions and their practitioners with seriousness and respect, even in the face of personal disagreement.
* '''Bibliographic rigor:''' every relevant contribution must cite primary sources or recognized commentators within the tradition being described.
* '''Fidelity to the orthodox perspective:''' describe each tradition in the terms by which it understands itself, avoiding external, syncretic, or unreferenced revisionist readings.
* '''No proselytism:''' this is not a space to convert, refute, or rank religions against one another.

=== Prohibited conduct ===

* Hate speech, discrimination, or attacks against any religion, tradition, or group of practitioners;
* Vandalism, unjustified removal of referenced content, or insertion of unsourced content;
* Deliberate misinformation or intentional distortion of sources;
* Personal attacks, harassment, or hostile conduct toward other contributors;
* Using the wiki as a stage for theological controversy, comparative apologetics, or doctrinal disputes.

=== Resolving disagreements ===

Editorial disagreements should be resolved, in this order:

# By consulting the most authoritative primary source within the tradition in question;
# By discussing civilly on the article's talk page;
# By seeking mediation from an administrator, if no consensus is reached.

=== Consequences ===

Violations of this code may result, depending on severity and recurrence, in: a warning, reversion of the edit, temporary block, or permanent ban from the platform.

=== How to report ===

Violations can be reported to an administrator or via [mailto:contato@religiowiki.com contato@religiowiki.com].
